[Intro: Aaron Burr]
It must be nice, it must be nice
To have Washington on your side (x2)
[Verse 1: Thomas Jefferson]
Ev'ry action has its equal, opposite reactions.
Thanks to Hamilton, our cabinet’s fractured into factions.
Try not to crack under the stress, we’re breaking down like fractions.
We smack each other in the press, and we don’t print retractions
I get no satisfaction witnessing his fits of passion
The way he primps and preens and dresses like the pits of fashion
Our poorest citizens, our farmers, live ration to ration
As Wall Street robs ‘em blind in search of chips to cash in
This prick is asking for someone to bring him to task
Somebody give me some dirt on this vacuous mass so we can at last unmask him
I’ll pull the trigger on him, someone load the gun and cock it
While we were all watching, he got Washington in his pocket
[Hook: Thomas Jefferson, Aaron Burr and James Madison (ALL)]
It must be nice, it must be nice 
To have Washington on your side (x2)
Look back at the Bill of Rights (which I wrote!) 
The ink hasn't dried
It must be nice, it must be nice 
To have Washington on your side
[Verse 2: Thomas Jefferson, Aaron Burr and James Madison (ALL)]
So he’s doubled the size of the government 
Wasn't the trouble with much of our previous government size
Look in his eyes, see how he lies, follow the scent of his enterprise
Centralizing national credit and making American credit competitive
If we don’t stop it, we aid and abet it.
I have to resign!
Somebody has to stand up for the South! 
Well, somebody has to stand up to his mouth!
If there’s a fire you’re trying to douse, 
You can’t put it out from inside the house! 
I’m in the cabinet, I am complicit in watching him grabbin' at power and kiss it.
If Washington isn’t gon’ listen to disciplined dissidents, 
This is the difference, this kid is OUT!
[Bridge: Chorus]
OH! This immigrant isn’t somebody we chose!
OH! This immigrant’s keeping us all on our toes!
OH! Let’s show these Federalists what they’re up against!
OH! Southern motherfucking (uh-huh) Democratic-Republicans!
OH! Now follow the money and see where it goes!
OH! Because every second, the treasury grows!
OH! If we follow the money and see where it leads
Get in the weeds, look for the seeds of Hamilton’s misdeeds!
[Outro: Thomas Jefferson, Aaron Burr and James Madison (ALL)]
It must be nice, it must be nice… 
Follow the money and see where it goes! 
It must be nice, it must be nice… 
The emperor has no clothes
We won’t be invisible
We won’t be denied! 
Still… 
It must be nice, it must be nice 
To have Washington on your side
[Thanks to Troy Weatherly, Lily for corrections]
