I was on the plane with Dwayne
You can call me Whitley I go to Hillman.
Listen, I'm the baddest in the school, the baddest in the game.
Excuse me honey but nobody's in my lane.
When you was in New York, you was fuckin' the Yankee.
I was fuckin' with base, I was pitchin' to Franky.
These bitches so cranky, get them a hanky.
M-mommy I'm cold gimme my blanky
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa OK, OK
Whoa, whoa, Holiday
Wait hold on hold on Holiday
You can't give it to them dry like that
You gotta get that shit wet first
Nigga like come on now
You gotta prep them for shit like that (I got you)
They can't just get that shit right off the top
Like you gotta bring that shit back,
Bring that shit the fuck back (Let's go!)
I was on the plane with Dwayne
You can call me Whitley I go to Hillman.
Listen, I'm the baddest in the school, the baddest in the game.
Excuse me honey but nobody's in my lane.
When you was in New York, you was fuckin' the Yankee.
I was fuckin' with base, I was pitchin' to Franky.
These bitches so cranky, get them a hanky.
M-mommy I'm cold gimme my blanky
Flyer than a kite I get higher than Rapunzel.
Keep the snow white I could buy it by the bundle
Step your cookies up 'fore they crumble.
Don't be actin' like the Cardinals ain't gonna fumble (fumble).
'Cause I'm a Steeler
Fresh up out the dealer.
All the dope boys gon' feel her.
Flow so sick I need a healer.
Fuck is my MAC Concealer?
I be out in Queens on the back of four whee-whee-whee-whee-whee-whee-wheelers
I'm a big deal.
That's why I get more head than a pigtail.
Put some ranch out I'm gettin' the munchies.
I think I'll have a rap bitch for my entrée
'Cause they be thinkin' niggas spit, spit-shine my shoes.
You know I keep a bad bitch let me sign your boobs.
I'm the only thing hoppin' like a kangaroo.
I mean the only thing poppin' like a can of brew.
Listen you should buy a sixteen 'cause I write it good.
That 808 woof-woof, 'cause I ride it good
And bitches can't find their man 'cause I ride it good.
I'm the wolf where is Little Red Riding Hood.
And if you see an itty bitty piggy in a market.
Give that bitch a quarter and a car tell her, "Park it."
I don't fuck with pigs like As-Salamu Alaykum,
I put 'em in a field I let Oscar Meyer bake 'em.
And if you see an itty bitty piggy in a market.
Give that bitch a quarter and car tell her, "Park it."
I don't fuck with pigs like As-Salamu Alaykum,
I put 'em in a field and I let Oscar Mayer bake 'em.
That's right
It's like I'm just single-handedly annihilated—you know—every rap bitch in the building.
Like like I'm Nicki Minaj, Nicki Lewinsky, Nicki the ninja, Nicki the boss, Nicki the Harajuku Barbie.
Like—I mean I don't even know why you girls bother at this point.
Like—give up, it's me, I win, you lose.
Oh shit yo.
I'm a bad bitch, I'm a I'm a bad bitch 
I told you, I told you before,
I told you y'all was gonna have to pick my fruit out.
Now listen, in addition to pickin' my fruit out I want y'all to start going to the boutiques.
Know what I'm saying.
Get some get some get some crazy shit for me.
I want—I want you know leopard skin and you know
I want—I want all that crazy lizard skin shit like —you know—make sure—
You can be my personal shopper.

