The issue on the table: France is on the verge of war with England, 
and do we provide aid and our troops to our French allies or do we stay out of it? 
Remember, my decision on this matter is not subject to congressional approval. 
The only person you have to convince is me. Secretary Jefferson, you have the floor, sir.
When we were on death’s door
When we were needy
We made a promise
We signed a treaty
We need money and guns and half a chance
Uh, who provided those funds?
France.
In return, they didn’t ask for land,
Only a promise that we’d lend a hand
And stand with them
If they fought against oppressors
And revolution is messy
But now is the time to stand!
Stand with our brothers
As they fight against tyranny.
I know that Alexander Hamilton is here and he
Would rather not have this debate;
I’ll remind you that he is not Secretary of State!
He knows nothing of loyalty
Smells like new money, dresses like fake royalty
Desperate to rise above his station,
Everything he does betrays the ideals of our nation.
Hey, and if you don’t know, now you know, Mr. President.
Thank you, Secretary Jefferson. Secretary Hamilton, your response?
You must be out of your goddamn mind
If you think
The President is going to bring the nation to the brink
Of meddling in the middle of a military mess,
A game of chess,
Where France is Queen and King-less.
We signed a treaty with a King whose head is now in a basket,
Would you like to take it out and ask it?
Should we honor our treaty, King Louis’s head?
“Uh, do whatever you want I’m super dead!”
Enough enough, Hamilton is right.
Mr. President!
We’re too fragile to start another fight.
But sir, do we not fight for freedom?
Sure, when the French figure out who’s gonna lead ‘em.
The people are leading!
The people are rioting! There’s a difference!
Frankly it’s a little disquieting you would let your ideals blind you to reality!
Hamilton?
Sir
Draft the statement of neutrality.
Did you forget Lafayette?
What?
Have you an ounce of regret?
You accumulate debt, you accumulate power.
Yet in their hour of need, you forget.
Lafayette’s a smart man, he’ll be fine.
And before he was your friend, he was mine.
If we try to fight in every revolution in the world,
We never stop. Where do we draw the line?
So quick witted.
Alas, I admit it.
I bet you were quite a lawyer.
My defendants got acquitted
Yeah, well someone ought to remind you
What?
You’re nothing without Washington behind you.
Hamilton!
Daddy’s calling!
